Remove pipeline list from language document (#2192)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/what_is_meilisearch/language.md

### What do you mean when you say Meilisearch offers _optimized_ support for a language?

> Under the hood, Meilisearch relies on tokenizers that identify the most important parts of each document in a given dataset. Optimized support for a language means Meilisearch has implemented a tokenizer specifically tailored for that language.

Reviewer: > that identify the most important parts of each document in a given dataset

I'm not sure to understand the meaning of this sentence. 🤔 

> Optimized support for a language means Meilisearch has implemented a tokenizer specifically tailored for that language

If you want to be more precise without exhaustively listing every language. You could say that an optimized/supported language has at least a dedicated/specialized segmentation or a dedicated/specialized normalization what do you think?

Author: I was working under the assumption the text before the pipeline list had already been approved. If those bits are also not accurate, I propose we rewrite this answer to remove mentions of tokenizers and pipelines, replacing them with a generic "internal processes".

What do you think about this?

```suggestion
Optimized support for a language means Meilisearch has implemented internal processes specifically tailored to parsing that language, leading to more relevant results.
```

Author: No problem! I'll update the PR, then 👍
